update: Add subscription termination info to Email Aliasing (#2726)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/email-aliasing.md

SimpleLogin was [acquired by Proton AG](https://proton.me/news/proton-and-simplelogin-join-forces) as of April 8, 2022. If you use Proton Mail for your primary mailbox, SimpleLogin is a great choice. As both products are now owned by the same company you now only have to trust a single entity. We also expect that SimpleLogin will be more tightly integrated with Proton's offerings in the future. SimpleLogin continues to support forwarding to any email provider of your choosing. Securitum [audited](https://simplelogin.io/blog/security-audit) SimpleLogin in early 2022 and all issues [were addressed](https://simplelogin.io/audit2022/web.pdf).

> You can link your SimpleLogin account in the settings with your Proton account. If you have the Proton Unlimited, Business, Family, or Visionary plan, you will have SimpleLogin Premium for free.

Reviewer: The new Proton Duo plan does as well. We might want to just think of a way to word this without enumerating each plan.

Author: ```suggestion
You can link your SimpleLogin account in the settings with your Proton account. If you have the Proton Unlimited plan or any multi-user Proton plan, you will have SimpleLogin Premium for free.
```

https://proton.me/support/proton-plans#proton-mail-plus

> If you’re looking for a multi-user plan for your family, see the [Proton Family](https://proton.me/support/proton-plans#proton-family) plan below.

> If you want a multi-user plan your can customize for work, see [Proton for Business plans](https://proton.me/support/proton-for-business).

Thank you Proton documentation for providing the succinct wording for this :pray:
